Eligibility

What is the eligibility criteria for the MRA Grant?
Business entity that is registered/incorporated in Singapore;
At least 30% local shareholding;
Company’s Group Annual Sales Turnover of not more than S$100 million, or Company’s Group Employment Size of not more than 200 workers; and
New to target overseas market (at country-level)
What qualifies as a new overseas market?
This is defined as a new overseas country that the company is expanding to, where its annual overseas sales in the country has not exceeded S$100,000 in any of the preceding three years.
Can a company with existing overseas presence or overseas sales apply for MRA support?
Companies that have previously benefited from MRA, but whose overseas sales in each of the preceding three calendar year for that target market did not exceed S$100,000, can continue to apply MRA during the enhancement period of 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2026.

Can a company apply to multiple new markets concurrently?
Yes, as long as the new market criteria is met for each market. Other than grant eligibility, resource planning such as financing and manpower capacities should be considered in your business expansion into new markets.

If both parent company and its subsidiary apply for the MRA Grant, are they subjected to the S$100,000 cap?
The grant cap of S$100,000 is applicable to each unique company and its related entities. Entities that are assessed to have similar business registration details (nature of business, address, shareholder/directorship, etc.) will be treated as connected enterprises, and subjected to the same grant cap.

Can a non-profit organisation apply for MRA?
MRA only supports Singapore-registered business entities with key objective to generate overseas revenue/income. Applications from entities such as non-profit organisations, societies, religious entities, venture capital companies, investment holding companies or government subsidiaries, etc. will be rejected.

Can a company apply for MRA in addition to financial schemes from Enterprise Singapore or other government agencies?
Companies are not allowed to apply for the MRA support after they have received grant approvals from Enterprise Singapore or other agencies for the same eligible expenses or events. E.g. Companies should not tap onto both MRA-OMP and WSG’s OMIP support for BD scope concurrently.

Can a company apply for both the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) and MRA support concurrently?
Yes, companies may apply for support under both EDG and MRA, as long as it is not for the same scope of work/services/activities supported.
Can a company apply for Double Tax Deduction for Internationalisation (DTDi) on the same expenses supported by the MRA?
Yes, companies can also benefit from the DTDi for the same expenses. Qualifying expenses for tax deduction will be computed net of the MRA grant.
Can a newly registered company apply for MRA?
Newly registered companies with less than one year of operations may apply for MRA. To facilitate the assessment, please upload the updated certified management accounts, starting from the date of incorporation.
When can a company commence with the project?
Companies can proceed to sign the contract with the third-party consultant/vendor and commence the project after application submission. Project commencement and completion dates must be in accordance with the project support period stipulated on BGP.
What does a retrospective application mean?
An application is deemed to be retrospective if any of the following events took place before application submission:
Made a payment including initial deposit to the third-party consultant/vendor
Signed the contractual agreement/purchase order with the third-party consultant/vendor
Commenced the project with the third-party consultant/vendor
Applications for participation in overseas physical and virtual trade fairs are the only exception, as we recognise that a longer preparation time is required, and companies may need to secure the booth space in advance. Companies may make payment (including initial deposit) and/or sign the contractual agreement/rental agreement/purchase order with the show organiser/third-party vendor before application submission but are still required to submit the application before the trade fair’s official commencement date.

Can companies engage a related associate as the third-party consultant/vendor?
To ensure that there is no conflict of interest (COI), applicants should not have any relationship, connection, association, or dealings with their appointed third-party consultant/vendor, directly or indirectly via persons of authorities such as directors/shareholders.

The application will be rejected if there is COI detected between the applicant and their third-party consultant/vendor.

Can a company apply for a scope of work that it has internal capabilities to provide as a service to their clients?
No, MRA supports eligible third-party costs for activities and services that companies do not have the in-house or internal capabilities to carry out.

Under what other circumstances will applications be rejected?
The following list is non-exhaustive:
A company which does not meet the eligibility criteria
A company holding a shell business registration or having its main business operations outside Singapore
A company seeking support for the purpose of fundraising or increasing domestic sales
A retrospective application
Supportable Activities

Can a company seek MRA support for LEAD-supported trade fairs under any of the following circumstances?
None of the above will be supported. We strongly encourage Singapore companies to tap onto LEAD supported tradeshows to reach global customers, get feedback on products and services and learn more about overseas markets. Please refer here for LEAD supported tradeshows.

There is unavailable booth space under the Singapore National Pavilion supported under LEAD
It can secure a better booth location compared to the Singapore National Pavilion
It prefers not to be part of the Singapore National Pavilion for various reasons
It prefers to exhibit at a different specialty hall within the same LEAD supported tradeshow
For physical trade fairs, why is the grant support for booth space capped at 36 square metres?
MRA support covers up to the standard booth size based on majority of applications. Based on overall trends, a booth space of 36 sqm is reasonable for companies across different industries (includes the display of machines, furniture, etc.)

Does a company need to follow any standard design for its booth at a physical trade fair?
No, but the applicant company’s name/brand (either represented by applicant company e.g. exclusive distributor or IP owned by applicant company) should be reflected clearly on the booth and exhibitor listing.

In addition, the overseas trade show should be an international trade fair for companies to showcase their products and services, which is opened primarily to trade visitors only. These fairs must have international exhibitors and visitors.

Can company apply for another Overseas Business Development (OBD) project in the same overseas market? 
For company with a past approved OBD activity e.g. business match/IMBD/OMP and applying a new MRA application for the same market, they need to show fresh/new business leads in the new project i.e. they should not be the same/overlapping as the previous approved OBD project. The application would be subject to approval.

Can business matching projects be conducted virtually? 
Business matching projects should primarily be conducted in-person, with customised one-to-one business meetings in the target market(s). While physical meetings are generally more effective, virtual meetings within the market can be considered in cases of logistical challenges across cities/regions. The intent is to support companies in finding suitable partners and generate new leads for quicker access to overseas market(s).

Virtual business meetings are not supported as standalone activities, as they are considered initial touch-points. However, they can be scoped as an earlier phase in the project to reach out to potential leads, followed by customised in-person business meetings in the target market(s).

Can companies apply for Overseas Marketing Presence support if they have not confirmed/hired the BD staff who will be posted into the target market? 
Yes. In such cases, please submit the Job Description of the BD staff (in place of the Employment/Appointment Letter) for application evaluation. The support is for BD staff only. Owners/shareholders or non-paid directors of the Applicant company are not supported under Overseas Marketing Presence.

Once the BD staff has been confirmed/hired, please update the application, or submit a Change Request in BGP with the Employment/Appointment Letter.

The BD staff must be hired by the applicant company unless it is due to the employment/labour regulations in the target overseas market.

For Market Entry applications, would support be granted for the incorporation/registration of entities in the overseas market under individuals’ (e.g., company shareholder/director/employee etc.) names?
No. To qualify for MRA support, the entity should be registered with the applicant company as the corporate shareholder.
For Market Entry applications, can a company seek support for IP search and registration across multiple overseas markets in one single application?
For international IP applications, companies can submit one single application for multiple overseas markets under the Madrid System, Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) System, Hague System, etc. Companies should indicate all the target markets covered under Madrid System, PCT, Hague System etc. in the application form.

For direct national IP applications, companies should submit one MRA application for each overseas market. For more information, please refer to IPOS' website.

Can the IP to be registered be owned by the license/franchisor?
For IP MRA applications, the trademark/logo/device/patent etc. must be owned by the Grant Applicant. MRA support is only for fees to be filed in overseas markets and excludes support for filing in Singapore.

If a company has overseas manufacturing bases producing foreign-origin goods, does the MRA support consultancy services on FTAs, of which, Singapore is not a member of?
MRA can support the consultancy services as long as there are legitimate business relationships between your company and the manufacturing base - including but not limited to:

Manufacturing base as a wholly-owned entity under Singapore company, or;
Manufacturing base as a joint venture with overseas partner, or;
Manufacturing base operating as a contract manufacturer.

The consultant will advise the company on the relevant FTAs, and help assess the  benefits of leveraging on the FTAs, including those that Singapore is not a member of.

How can Trade Credit Insurance (TCI) be used for overseas markets?
TCI is supported under the Market Entry activity, to encourage companies to take up TCI cover to protect themselves against buyer defaults in new overseas markets. Companies can approach a Singapore-registered TCI broker/insurer to structure and purchase the TCI policy.

What expenses are not supported under MRA?
Please note that the lists below are not exhaustive:

For all activities:

Singapore-imposed Goods and Services Tax (GST)
Costs charged by other Singapore government agencies (except incorporation/registration of entity if the costs are mandatory as part of the process)
Out of pocket expenses (e.g., airfare, accommodation, transport)
Commissions or success fees
Costs incurred for the purpose of fulfilling contractual obligations with clients
Costs incurred for sourcing of investors, suppliers, service providers/ vendors, capital raising, selling of company’s shares

Overseas Marketing and PR activity

Prototyping
Food samples/products, promotional prizes/gifts, sponsorship fees (prize money)
In-house manpower, maintenance, security deposit
Stand-alone costs and/or collaterals that are not related to the marketing/PR campaign (e.g., video production for social media posts or production of corporate brochures that are not relevant to the campaign, advertisement placements (offline, online subscriptions etc.)
Telemarketing
Publicity costs to raise capital or investments
Purchase of e.g. Equipment (e.g., tablet, printer, hard disk, computer)

Overseas Trade Fairs

Logistics for overseas physical trade fairs, in-house manpower (e.g., promoters, maintenance, security deposit, sales commission, namecard, and success fees)
Shared/split booths
Purchase of etc. equipment, furniture, electrical appliances
Insurance costs
Sponsored or corporate gifts (e.g., notebooks, pens, lucky draw prizes), prize money
Subscription to generic online databases (e.g. e-commerce/food delivery sites or not related to project scope)

Business Matching and In-Market BD

Office rental, manpower salary
Subscription to generic databases or directories not customised to company's sector
No concurrent OBD approved MRA fees in the same market (e.g. OMP and In market BD etc.)
Post meeting follow-ups and/or negotiations

Overseas Marketing Presence

Commission, bonus for the BD staff, additional allowances/ incentives/insurance on top of basic salary
Subscription to generic databases or directories
Incidental costs – BD staff's overtime pay, transport allowances, airfare, meals, accommodation, insurance etc.
Other office costs – equipment/furniture, fixture, utilities, internet/ telecommunication costs, etc.
Employee salary paid in shares or equity
Rental of warehouse, factory space, residential space, hotel room/suite
Deposit and any form of down payments
BD staff not engaged on permanent basis by Grant Applicant e.g. contract, part-time, free lance etc.
BD staff not in the target overseas market during the approved MRA duration e.g. working remotely in Singapore. This would be verified at claim stage such as residential agreement, long stay hotel agreement etc.

Market Entry

Costs to operationalise the business (e.g., signboard license, bookkeeping services)
Costs related to appointment of Power of Attorney
Corporate secretariat services
Paid up capital
Annual registered office address/Lease contract
Custodial director service
Individual director tax registration
Costs related to manpower issues such as employee recruitment/work permit (e.g. social security registration, insurance)
Product certification/testing costs (note: product registration costs, such as FDA registration costs serve as the equivalent of import/exports licenses and can be supported as standalone costs)
Product liability insurance
Trademark/patent filings for Singapore
Nominee director’s fees

FTA and Trade Compliance consultancy

Assistance with Customs Authorities post-audit FTA consultancy
Application for Advanced Ruling with Singapore Customs
Business Grants Portal and Corppass

What is the Business Grants Portal?
The Business Grants Portal (BGP) is a one-stop portal for businesses to apply for government grants. This paperless system allows entities to find the grants they need with ease, enjoy a convenient form completion process, and reduce the time spent on the application.
If the company has yet to register for a Corppass Administrator account, please visit www.corppass.gov.sg. After successful registration, users need to be assigned the e-Service access to the BGP in order to submit their grant application.

Who should I contact for technical enquiries about the Business Grants Portal?
Who should I contact if I have questions on Corppass Registration?
You may call the Corppass Helpdesk at +65 6643 0577 or email them at support@corppass.gov.sg.

Operating hours are from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm (Mondays to Fridays) and from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm (Saturdays). Closed on Sundays and Public Holidays.

My company is exempted from having our accounts audited. What documents should we upload under the BGP’s Company Profile?
You may choose to upload unaudited financial statements or certified management accounts, if audited statements are unavailable.

If the company is newly registered and a full year’s financial statements are not available, you may provide unaudited financial statements or certified management accounts for the year-to-date.

What happens if the personnel handling the company’s grant application leaves the company? Can another staff submit the application on his/her behalf?
Any personnel assigned as a BGP user in the company and given a Preparer or Acceptor role by the company’s Corppass Administrator can edit and submit the grant application. Contact details of the new user should be updated on BGP.

What happens if the CEO/MD who is authorised to accept the Letter of Offer (LOF) leaves the company? How does the applicant update the BGP and Corppass?
Under the e-Service section on BGP, the company’s Corppass Administrator should assign an Acceptor role to the new CEO/MD. This enables him/her to accept the LOF.

If the grant has not been approved, the Corppass Administrator can update the LOF addressee in the grant application form.

If the grant has been approved and the LOF has been issued, no amendment to the addressee can be made.

How can applicants change their Corppass roles to accept the Letter of Offer?
The applicant company’s Corppass Admin would need to add in the “MTI – Business Grants Portal (BGP)” digital service:

Login at www.corppass.gov.sg
Go to "e-Services" > "Select Entity e-Services"
Type “bgp” in the search bar to the right (next to "filter")
Tick the box on the left of “BGP”, then press "Next"
If there is no checkbox to tick, you may skip ahead to Step 7 below.
Press "Next" and "Submit"
Press "Return to Homepage"
After adding BGP for the company, the Admin would then need to assign it to the relevant staff.
Go to "e-Services" > "Assign selected e-Services"
Tick the box next to the relevant staff’s name and press "Next".
Type “bgp” in the search bar to the right (next to "filter")
Tick the box on the left of “BGP”, then press "Next"
Select the “Acceptor” role.
“Authorization Effective Date” can be today
“Authorization Expiry Date” can be left blank
Press "Next" and "Submit"
If you are unsure of who your Admin is, you may use your SingPass to check on the identities of your entity’s Corppass Admins and Sub-Admins
Go to www.corppass.gov.sg
Click on "Services" > "Find Your Corppass Admin"
Login to SingPass
Enter the company’s UEN
Press "Search" (the respective admins’ names will be displayed)
For further enquiries regarding Corppass roles, please refer to the Corppass User Guide.


Can company request other parties such as vendors/service providers/corporate secretaries or any other thrid party to submit the MRA applications, change requests, claims, on their behalf?
All submissions in the portal must be made by the Grant Applicant/Company through its authorised employees/staff (i.e. users). Submissions must not be made by vendors, service providers, or any other third party, on behalf of the Company.

Change Requests

What if a company cannot complete the project within approved qualifying period (QP) or submit the claims within the stipulated deadline?
The maximum support period for MRA is 12 months, and companies have a maximum of 3 months to submit its claims upon completion of the project. Companies with valid reasons may request for an extension from Enterprise Singapore via BGP before the project end date by submitting Change Request. The request will be subject to approval.

What if a company wants to change the consultant/vendor (i.e., obtain new quotation/proposal) after application has been approved? 
If payment has not been made and project has not commenced: Resubmit a new application on BGP for assessment and cancel the existing approved project.

If project is ongoing: Submit a change request on BGP under “Change in project costs” for assessment and minimally to upload a quote from the new vendor before the project end date. The change request will be subject to approval.

Claims

Why is there a need to engage an auditor?
The Auditor’s Report allows for a smoother review of claims. The responsibility of the auditor is to verify and confirm the amounts shown on the Statement of Claim are in accordance with the provisions of the Letter of Offer. The Auditor’s Report and Statement of Claim will be issued upon completion of verification of Qualifying Cost(s). The guide on submission of claims can be found here.

When do companies need to submt claims? 
Claims must reach Enterprise Singapore no later than 3 months from the end of the project qualifying period, failing which Enterprise Singapore reserves the right to refuse payment. Please note that completeness of submissions would help to ensure efficient processing of the claims.

What are the contact details of Enterprise Singapore-appointed auditors?
Upon approval of the MRA grant, please refer to Annex 6 of the Letter of Offer in the Business Grants Portal.
Is inter-billing and/or cost sharing between related companies of the applicant company allowed?
As all payments should be incurred and paid for by applicant, during audit, auditors will verify supportable costs based on the principle that there is sufficient supporting documents to show that all payments had been duly made as required.

If the applicant does not incur expenses but assigns its overseas entity to execute and also pay for the expenses incurred, inter-billing is a possible solution to accrue expenses back to the Singapore applicants.

Can a company claim for additional expenses which would only be billed by the third-party consultant/vendor after the activity is completed?
MRA accepts only a single and final claim. All qualifying costs will be based on the quotation submitted during application stage. The approved quantum is final, and additional claims are not allowed.

Can the MRA grant be provided on a cash advancement basis?
No. The MRA grant is administered on a reimbursement basis to ensure that the grants are strictly utilized for the approved project.
How will I be notified of the claims disbursement?
An email will be sent to the email address stated in the Business Grants Portal to confirm the transaction.